>> Mike North: Time to put
some of this into action.
So you're gonna update your type
script compiler configuration, and
clicking on this hopefully should
take us right there and it does.
So inside this compiler options object,
you're gonna basically
say checkJs: true,
allowImplicityAny, or
sorry, noImplicityAny.
I've got my noImplicityAny also true.
So you're saying, yes,
I do want you to check my JavaScript, and
yes, I want you to forbid ImplicitAny.
And that basically means that
as TypeScript goes through and
tries to infer what all of
the types are in our code.
Any time that it can't come up with
a good answer it basically by default,
or until we change this here,
it would assign it the any type,
and that just is like a wild card,
could be anything.
Any means anything, right.
And that's, think of it as the any
type means that you're back to regular
JavaScript, you can do whatever you want
there, you can flip flop between types.
So here we've just forbidden that.
Now you could still use ExplicitAny,
you'd have to add the type information and
say, yes,
I really do want this to be an any.
So but this just tightened our
code up considerably in terms of
making the compiler,
it made it more strict effectively.
So you added those and now it will
complain about ImplicitAny types and
require us to be explicit in spots where
the compiler can't infer well enough.
And what I want you to do is
if we open up these files,
these are just the regular JavaScript
files, they're all in this data folder.
Listener support, grocery item store,
cart store, order store, these are just
regular classes that involve fetching
data and getting some stuff back.
We wanna go there and basically fix any
complaints that TypeScript may have.
So let's see,
let me make sure my server is
started.
>> Mike North: I
expect some complaints here, let's see.
See a red thing?
All right, so there's a complaint.
It says the perimeter ID
has an ImplicitAny type.
So here we'd probably say number,
oop sorry, that's TypeScript.
We'd go up here and we'd say,
param  id, and it'll be quiet.
It's okay now, right.
So we'll go through, and
you basically want to whack away
at all of the problems it finds.
Let me see if I can make it unearths
a nontrivial number of problems, so
here are some.
You'll note that they don't get added to
the list until you
actually open the file up.
They should hang around, no, they don't,
apparently they don't.
>> Mike North: So
I would just open the files and
get it back down to, back to zero.
Now you'll see that sometimes we're
dealing with things that have a particular
structure.
And so you may find that you wanna create
these type definitions where you say,
here's a cart item or
here is a grocery item.
And based on the use of these different
objects, the properties that we need, you
can basically start with an empty object
and then you'll start to get errors like,
you tried to access property ID off of
what you told me was an empty object.
And you'll say, I'll fix that,
I'll add a property called id.
You can kinda widdle away and
you'll get to the point where you can see,
now everything's happy.
And you also get that type checking
happening right at compile time.
So finally, so you're gonna
eliminate all of the problems,
complaints about the ImplicitAny type.
And the last hint I wanna leave you
is that sometimes we end up with a,
I hope that's a typo, dear God.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Mike North: There's some that are not
typos there,
there's one that was redirect.
>> Speaker 3: Refer.
>> Mike North: Refer,
we'll deal with that in web security part.
ReadonlyArraay and Array, they're both,
you can use bracket notation to
get an individual item out of it.
ArrayLike is sort of a structure
that surrounds both of those.
So it may be useful for you to deal with
ArrayLike in order to relax things enough
to where it's a function that can take
anything that looks like an array.